this is for all information pertaing to


male dino is a bull
female is a maisaura

male draiads Manrads
female Dradey

male elf elfon
female elfess

male ghost is a ghostsir
female ghost is ghostmiss


man and woman for human

 and should you need it; dowl and skirt for mops. (yeah i just made them up on the spot.)
 
 
 
"i will enjoy my cheese with a normal potato"
"ah yes, that is good dirt"
"courtesy of my butt"
"so the rainbow milk didnt make rainbow cheese?!?!"

"Dakota's masculinity. How masculine is Dakota? Not masculine compared to the entire population of Chad. If the entire population of Chad were concentrated in one area, 
it would create a testosterone singularity from which no masculinity can escape. So all masculine peoples will all get pulled into the singularity and become nothing. 
They will cease to exist. So what will the women do??????!?!?!?!?!?!? All that will be left other than women, are simps!!! At first the simps will rejoice! 
"Ha!" They will say. "Now there's no one else for them to procreate with! Now I'll finally feel validated!!" BUT!!! They fail to realize that the singularity destroyed MASCULINITY 
and they are NOT  masculine which is why they still exist! And women like MASCULINITY *MIND BLOWN*. Then the women lament the loss of masculinity! They will NEVER be satisfied!!!!!! 
Some of them will off themselves out of dispair. Some of them try to go gay *cough* Amanda *cough*. Some of them become nuns. Some of them see this as an opportunity! Many women 
lead the simps on to give them a false sense of love and validation. The simps give all of their money they have but get 0 affection and they give all their belongings and money
to the women. The simps are absolutly broke and are all starving. Many of them starve but a very few after many many cold hungry lonely nights realize that maybe, just
maybe giving all of their money, belongings, time, thoughts, and very selves to women was a bad way to live. They turn themselves around some of them, and take a few 
small steps at a time to become unreliant on female attention! Truly a novel concept! These former simps slowly but surely rise above the constrains of the simp mentality
and achieve the level of CHAD!!! And once again the world went on in harmoony."
