Meeting Notes of 4/23/2022
•	Enemies:
o	Who are the Enemies?
	They destroyed a city.
•	Your character is picked because of your skill set and then sends you to help other races to come together as a team to fight the enemies.
o	This gives the character the ability to travel
•	The lore is that you are a mop
•	The world story comes from the time of 3001 
o	The enemies
	“Avoidends” is the name of the enemy
o	Normal cities and taken cities
o	Dystopian world but plenty of cities are safe.
o	Maybe days and year differences like this planet has longer days then years.
The game components:
	Plans for Game
o	Make the game opening more sleek
	Instead of asking for if you have an account. Have it a logon page
o	Should have all the basics of the game put in place
	The game should have a cohesive story that plays a role in that game to the point of usefulness.
	We need to make a system for quests – battles to go along with those
	Give missions to users.
o	Battle should take how many hits should enemy hits be before you are taken down.
	Basic should die in 2 – 3 hits from a normal character
	Mild is 10-20 hits 
	In the fighting of the monster, you will get a message
	The monsters scale with level and have levels of difficulty
	There is a primid difficulty system for monsters
o	Quest handling system
	With groups
	The groups will not have all of one thing
	These will have a boss in most groups
	Need descriptions and 
	Flexible coding for location type battles
	So, upon selecting location the mission with possible missions, then you can select the quest from the list.
o	The penalty of death
	Maybe gold to be brought back to life
	Death and save system and maybe later do something wake up at doctor (costs money)
	Maybe loose item
o	Shop system
	Later in the game we will discuss this
o	Battling 
	Using an ability uses stamina or mana
	Blocking slightly decreases stamina or mana but you take less damage
	You can also wait which does not take any mana or stamina but does not expend mana or stamina
	Each round you gain stamina or mana
	Too many manus to get to what you want to do.
o	Straighter to the point.
	Summary:
o	Quest system
o	Location system
o	Group system
o	Bosses
o	Death system
o	World Story Line
