John’s Contribution on Storyline

Date: 09/26/2022
Game name: Mighty Warriors
Planet Name: Kevive
Land mass name: Viturm Somnium

Notes: (This is the information I started with. Some of it will be altered slightly. I also intend to make sure everything is consistent on the map)

Enter village (In Silva Ignis, outcasts (forest)): Arva Umbra
Dino city (In Glacisus Desert (cold rocky desert): Pugna
Driad [tree peolple] city (no location (forest)) : Legumina
Ghost (no Location (rocky area ghost town)): ?
Humans (no location (no description)): Hoolgans
Elves city (No location ( in or across ventosis mountains semi forest)): Sanctis Ludovicus
Mops: have no city (originated from a driad)

Origin story:

	The world you know as the planet Kevive now is not the world that always was. There was once numerous races encompassing a great area of land. Frog people, tree people, cat people, and countless others filled the five contents. This world was fraught with conflict in its diversity. War plagued all creatures. It became a necessary tradition to hold an annual Assembly involving representatives from every race who’s purpose was to maintain unity and order and therefore peace between races. This Turned out to be huge success for decades, but something would soon bring an end to this era of peace.

	It was the 74th Assembly in the year 3001 when the creature of an unknown race took to the podium to announce an unthinkable proposition.

	“If we are to remain peaceful, we must fallow a single ruler. This method of ‘Assembly’ is only a temporary and transitional solution. It cannot last. When you name me Crowned Supreme Monarch I will usher in the greatest era of peace this world has even known.”

	Among all the races there has never been a “Crowned Supreme Monarch.” Farther more, it was a strictly kept rule that no race ever ruled another. Each race chose their own form of government. A monarchy being forced on all races was absurd, but for all races to serve a single monarch was laughable. In fact, laughter is exactly the response this creature was met with. Nobody thought he was serious. His appearance made it worse. He had the eyes of a cat, the face of a rabbit, and long floppy dog ears. His right leg thick and warty like a toad but his right leg was thin and bony bending backwards like that of an ostrich. This gave him a lopsided gate making him sway as he walked. His toad leg had a human foot and his ostrich leg had a lizard foot. A crab claw was his left arm while two large insect legs protruded from his right side which also happened to be scaly like a fish. His torso was soft and slimy like a slug and a number of tentacles protruded from his back and hung loosely at his sides, swaying as he took his lopsided steps. His appearance was so bad the Assembly thought it was a joke since no races looked so abominable, but this apparition was truly through and through an abomination.

	No one had ever seen him before. No one had even seen a creature like him since. It seemed as though he had a bit of every race in him, but it was not natural. It is thought that an elf, who had gone into the wild to be a hermit, had experimented with alchemy and gone mad. His experimentation resulted in an unnatural mutations. Despite being met with laughter for his appearance and outrageous proposal, the abomination continued to speak on how as Supreme Monarch he would reform the world. Each word was met with more laughter as the hired security removed this abomination from the podium. As he was being dragged away he was heard to proclaim quite loudly. “Mark my words, by 30 sols this world with burn, then you will acknowledge me!”

	No one thought anything of it and the Assembly continued. The abomination disappeared into the farthest corner of the of the county known as Viturm Somnium as far south as the Suibenan wilderness would take him along with a small band of five loyal followers. There they set about doing the most evil act seen in this world. After 26 sols of preparation fallowing the last Assembly they began a four day summoning ritual. This would change the fate of the world.

	Anyone watching the sky on the 30th sol fallowing the 74th and last Assembly of 3001 would’ve noticed a spectacular glow in the sky as a great ball of fire hurtled to the ground. All creatures held their breath or prayed to their deities as they prepared to meet their end. What fallowed was the mother of all explosions. The ground split open and erupted scorching magma and noxious fumes into the air. The devastation was so vast and thorough that a vast portion of Viturm Somnium was buried under the ocean and from the mainland an island split away what is now called Scorch Island. There the abomination and his followers were preserved in the blast by the very being that caused it. The abomination sold his soul to a spirit of great power and magic and became possessed. All his followers were possessed also by five lesser spirits who follow “The Great Spirit” as he was known. All these spirits collectively fell in the ball of fire that destroyed the world.

	The whole of Viturm Somnium was nearly unlivable, but the surrounding countries took pity and sent aid across the ocean. With this aid they were able to rebuild a handful of small coastal cities. Once a number had gathered creatures were sent to investigate the blast zone and search for more survivors. Surprisingly few were found and the numbers only got smaller each step closer to the epicenter. As this ongoing search and rescue was taking place, on sol 107 fallowing the event there was an attack on one of the cities providing aid. Only one race was attacked. This led to each race blaming the other. As accusations flew and divisions were set, the next shipment of aid was delayed 23 sols. Just when things seemed to settle between races, on sol 200 fallowing the event there was another attack twice the scale of the first on one of the accused cities. At this point the every race was put against the other. No one trusted another race and all aid to Viturm Somnium was permanently halted. The struggle  to survive on Viturm Somnium became more difficult, but each remaining race found a way and rebuilt.

	While the country that was hit by the blast restored its residents as best it could, the rest of the world was eating itself alive. The conflict spread to all other countries. Slaughter was happening on an unthinkable scale. Rumors spread of an army unnatural creatures led by a dark shapeless void with glowing cat-like eyes. News of this had reached Viturm Somnium but its inhabitants were sill too few and too week to do anything about it. By the time the rest of the world had discovered the real enemy, one continent had already been completely conquered. The enemy leader was unofficially known as “The Void Cat” and all his unnatural mutant army “Voidians.” Despite having a common enemy, all the races still couldn't trust each other and continued waged war on one another. One country after another fell to the voidian armies and Viturm Somnium, the largest land mass and once greatest country, was almost forgotten.

	Now at the present day year 3100, the voidian armies wipe out the last standing country in the world and all is lost… but not quite. A small number of wounded, and battle worn soldiers escape on a small vessel across the ocean hoping beyond hope that after 100 years there is still civilization on the once great Viturm Somnium. This is where the story of “The Mighty Warriors” begins. In the small westernmost port city of Arva Umbra.

	Here the warriors discover there are only five surviving races. Gigalacertus, Driad, Elf, Human, and Lumacan. These were five races of the first followers of the Void Cat and the ones who performed the summoning ritual. By these races are the spirits bound, and by them alone can they be released (how the warriors find out this information is still in the works). It is then the task of the one warrior to gain the trust of the five races and with one of every race fight their way to Scorch Island and undo the summon performed 100 years ago.

Race Outline:

Gigalacertus; The Dinosaur people are fast, tough skinned, large reptiles. They are not particularly bright but they make up for it in strength, and instinct. Gigalacertus are aggressive hunters, territorial, an occupy the greatest area of the map. Often they work in small groups but are not known for their loyalty. Their form of government is a form of tribalism. There is fighting within a group to establish a single Gigalacertus to call the shots and establish a sort of tribe. When there is food or territory that is particularly desirous tribes will often fight with each other to capture or protect the goods.

Driad: The tree people are live and let live kind of folk. They rarely involve themselves in matters outside their home and family. These creatures are known for having high intelligence and deep thought but are often very slow to take action. Time is in ample supply with the Driad so they take time to do everything. They travel very little, yet are not unkind to others entering their land. However, if you were to be unkind to one of them, every Driad in ten square miles will make an all out assault on you. The tree people are fiercely loyal and hold family to be the greatest good. Protecting family is the only thing the Driad will take immediate action on.

Elf: The long ear people are people of a cat like personality. They come and go as they please. Often work together in small groups, but only when it is in their individual interest. Elves hold independence as their most universal value. They will come to help each other when its obvious that a fellow elf’s life is on the line, otherwise they only get involved if it suits them. There is a council of elders selected to govern, but rules are often very broad and general.

Humans: The human people are just… human. In this post apolitical world humans have a similar level of technology as medieval people. Steel weapons and armor are common but a simple black powder is swiftly becoming common too. It is the ingenuity and creativity of humans that enabled them to survive the devastating onslaught. The unique characteristic of humans is their insatiable curiosity. A human has a natural thirst for knowledge and discovery often leading them to have the highest level of fatal accidents and highest number of accidental discoveries. Humans tend to be tribal but more humans will be in a human tribe than something like a Gigalacertus and they are generally more loyal.

Lumacarn: The ghost people are relatively small. If you saw one they would appear to about as large as human child, but you will find it difficult to see them clearly. Lumacarn emit an electromagnetic field that they control to bend light and distort their appearance. In addition they can momentarily create a field so intense that either they can repel off the magnetic pole of the planet to float, or it disrupts the bond in matter so that they can phase through solid objects. Both of these are very taxing states that the Lumacarn can only maintain for brief periods. Lumacarn are sticklers for the rules. Their government has many laws which are for the most part obeyed. This means that the ghost people have the highest number of people governed under a single government and also the fewest free and independent thinkers of all the races. Lumacarn also tend to be the most patriotic.

Mop: Mop people are not mops. That’s racist. Mops are the only race originated after the apocolyps. One of the biggest and oldest living Driads was blown into splinters in the blast. Each splinter and branch and shred spread over the ground over time took root and took on consciousness. This resulted in a race of long sticks with a clump of fine roots at the base. Mops are all aware of each other at all times. Since they all came from the same tree mops have both an independent consciousness and a single collective consciousness making them to exchange thought at any time in any place. Since this race happened after the explosion no one knows about their existence.
