This file is meant to contain the entire story and Lore of the world and game both leading up to the start and even beyond the ending of beating Void Cat.

The Beginning:
The world was full of many different races and cultures of every kind. All these many people lived on the largest continent of the world. Most of the Races lived in a city that was specifically home to all the people of their own race, however, there were also multiracial cities to exist. These multiracial cities were very few and far between.

The Disaster:
One day and for some unknown reason, fireballs started to rain from the sky. From those fireballs came creatures of pure chaos and destruction which could alter any creature which they came to possess. These creatures took many forms and became known collectively as the Avoidends. The largest of the fireballs hit the continent so hard that it split the land apart along with creating a separate land mass off in the ocean. Rumors began to circulate that these creatures were summoned here by a warlock or witch looking to destroy their enemies, however, none of these rumors have been confirmed. Many cities all over the world fought back against this demonic force, however, none could stand up to its ruthlessness and strength of numbers. The many lost battles against the creatures resulted in villages starting to lose hope in ever warding them off and instead sealed themselves away from the rest of the world within their cities. The cities, nations, and groups who did not give up instead pushed harder to destroy these monsters of darkness and magic. There were many attempts made to find the weaknesses of these creatures, however they all seemed to fail, you (the player) almost became another life lost within these tests at sea. But through some miraculous intervention or complete luck, you instead found yourself waking up in the village of Arva Umbra across the ocean from the army for which you were fighting.

Players Lore:
You do not know much about your past both before and about the battle at sea with what you believe to be the Avoidend army. However, you know that you want to find a way to destroy these monsters and rid the world of this great evil. You know that you will not be able to do this alone. You must learn and advance yourself while gaining allies along the way. You must find the enemies weaknesses and find this rumored leader of the Avoidends called Void Cat and slay it. All that can be said to the one who takes up this great challenge is be vigilant in your mission and do not loose faith, great warrior.
